---
title: Version Update 2.5.893
date: 2016-08-18
tags: ["#version update"]
---
**[fix]** Bug in the Matlab GUI scripts that caused an error if the top subsystem in the model had the same name as the model.  
**[fix]** Bug in the HiP-HOPS engine that prevented the user from targeting a system level implicit output deviation when the explicit deviation is in a subsystem.  
**[fix]** The xml output from the Matlab GUI script now includes line breaks after tags to make the line numbers in the HiP-HOPS parse errors more meaningful.  

<!--more-->
Please select the best version for your system from the choices below.

[SimulationX (x86)](/downloads/SimX_HiP-HOPS_x86_v2.5.893.zip) - This is the ITI SimulationX compatible version for 32 bit Windows systems. It requires a hardware license key to run.  
[SimulationX (x64)](/downloads/SimX_HiP-HOPS_x64_v2.5.893.zip) - This is the ITI SimulationX compatible version for 64 bit Windows systems. It requires a hardware license key to run.  
[Evaluation (x86)](/downloads/HIP-HOPS_Evaluation_(x86)_v2.5.893_setup.exe)	- This is a fully featured evaluation version for 32 bit Windows systems. It is limited to 20 components.  
[Evaluation (x64)](/downloads/HIP-HOPS_Evaluation_(x64)_v2.5.893_setup.exe)	- This is a fully featured evaluation version for 64 bit Windows systems. It is limited to 20 components.  
[Commercial (x86)](/downloads/HIP-HOPS_Commercial_(x86)_v2.5.893_setup.exe)	- This is the full commercial version for 32 bit Windows systems. It requires a hardware license key to run.  
[Commercial (x64)](/downloads/HIP-HOPS_Commercial_(x64)_v2.5.893_setup.exe)	- This is the full commercial version for 64 bit Windows systems. It requires a hardware license key to run.  

  
  
  
  
  
