content/post/2022-08-13-version-update-2_5_900.md, before:

---
title: Version Update 2.5.900
date: 2022-08-13
tags: ["#version update"]
---
**[feature]** added severity field to Hazards dialog in the Matlab GUI  
**[fix]** Matlab interface bug the prevented editing and deleting of failure causes in output deviations and hazards

<!--more-->
Please select the best version for your system from the choices below.

[SimulationX (x86)](/downloads/SimX_HiP-HOPS_x86_v2.5.900.zip) - This is the ITI SimulationX compatible version for 32 bit Windows systems. It requires a hardware license key to run.  
[SimulationX (x64)](/downloads/SimX_HiP-HOPS_x64_v2.5.900.zip) - This is the ITI SimulationX compatible version for 64 bit Windows systems. It requires a hardware license key to run.  
[Evaluation (x86)](/downloads/HIP-HOPS_Evaluation_(x86)_v2.5.900_setup.exe)	- This is a fully featured evaluation version for 32 bit Windows systems. It is limited to 20 components.  
[Evaluation (x64)](/downloads/HIP-HOPS_Evaluation_(x64)_v2.5.900_setup.exe)	- This is a fully featured evaluation version for 64 bit Windows systems. It is limited to 20 components.  
[Commercial (x86)](/downloads/HIP-HOPS_Commercial_(x86)_v2.5.900_setup.exe)	- This is the full commercial version for 32 bit Windows systems. It requires a hardware license key to run.  
[Commercial (x64)](/downloads/HIP-HOPS_Commercial_(x64)_v2.5.900_setup.exe)	- This is the full commercial version for 64 bit Windows systems. It requires a hardware license key to run.

Commit message:

added link to sentinel driver

content/post/2022-08-13-version-update-2_5_900.md, after:

---
title: Version Update 2.5.900
date: 2022-08-13
tags: ["#version update"]
---
**[feature]** added severity field to Hazards dialog in the Matlab GUI  
**[fix]** Matlab interface bug the prevented editing and deleting of failure causes in output deviations and hazards

<!--more-->
Please select the best version for your system from the choices below.

The Commercial version requires a hardware key to unlock it. The [hardware key driver is available for download here](https://supportportal.thalesgroup.com/csm?sys_kb_id=d902c13c1b48a890f2888739cd4bcbbf&id=kb_article_view&sysparm_rank=7&sysparm_tsqueryId=ed8571b547bdd110128dca72e36d4378&sysparm_article=KB0023089)

[SimulationX (x86)](/downloads/SimX_HiP-HOPS_x86_v2.5.900.zip) - This is the ITI SimulationX compatible version for 32 bit Windows systems. It requires a hardware license key to run.  
[SimulationX (x64)](/downloads/SimX_HiP-HOPS_x64_v2.5.900.zip) - This is the ITI SimulationX compatible version for 64 bit Windows systems. It requires a hardware license key to run.  
[Evaluation (x86)](/downloads/HIP-HOPS_Evaluation_(x86)_v2.5.900_setup.exe)	- This is a fully featured evaluation version for 32 bit Windows systems. It is limited to 20 components.  
[Evaluation (x64)](/downloads/HIP-HOPS_Evaluation_(x64)_v2.5.900_setup.exe)	- This is a fully featured evaluation version for 64 bit Windows systems. It is limited to 20 components.  
[Commercial (x86)](/downloads/HIP-HOPS_Commercial_(x86)_v2.5.900_setup.exe)	- This is the full commercial version for 32 bit Windows systems. It requires a hardware license key to run.  
[Commercial (x64)](/downloads/HIP-HOPS_Commercial_(x64)_v2.5.900_setup.exe)	- This is the full commercial version for 64 bit Windows systems. It requires a hardware license key to run.
