---
title: Version Update 2.5.905
date: 2023-12-30
tags: ["#version update"]
---
**[fix]** There was an error that prevented results from the optimisation example being automatically opened in the browser.

**[fix]** There was an error that prevented the warning list in the results from being correctly rendered.

**[note]** There is a known issue when using Chrome as the default browser. If the output type is set to HTML, HiP-HOPS will automatically attempt to open the results output in the default browser. When the default browser is Chrome, and Chrome is not already open, the system call appears to wait indefinitely before releasing for other processes to continue when the browser is closed. This issue appears to be isolated to Chrome and does not present with other browsers including Edge and Firefox. There is no fix for this, but it can be worked around by opening Chrome before running the analysis.

<!--more-->
Please select the best version for your system from the choices below.

The Commercial version requires a hardware key to unlock it. The [hardware key driver is available for download here](https://supportportal.thalesgroup.com/csm?sys_kb_id=d902c13c1b48a890f2888739cd4bcbbf&id=kb_article_view&sysparm_rank=7&sysparm_tsqueryId=ed8571b547bdd110128dca72e36d4378&sysparm_article=KB0023089).

[Evaluation (x64)](/downloads/HIP-HOPS_Evaluation_(x64)_v2.5.905_setup.exe)	- This is a fully featured evaluation version for 64 bit Windows systems. It is limited to 20 components.  
[Commercial (x64)](/downloads/HIP-HOPS_Commercial_(x64)_v2.5.905_setup.exe)	- This is the full commercial version for 64 bit Windows systems. It requires a hardware license key to run.  
[SimulationX (x64)](/downloads/SimX_HiP-HOPS_x64_v2.5.905.zip) - This is the ITI SimulationX compatible version for 64 bit Windows systems. It requires a hardware license key to run.  
  
  
  
  
  
